Readme.md, before:


# Sovol SV01 (classic) upgrades, parts, and materials

## Reliability upgrades
| upgrade | img | links |  
| --- | --- | --- | 
| general upgrades | <img height=240 src="img/printhead.jpeg"> | [larger image](img/printhead.jpeg) | 
| BMG/left clone <br> extruder | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31eNmDLdNjL.jpg"> | [amazon](<https://a.co/d/bordiUr>) |
| X belt <br>tensioner | <img height=240 src="img/X belt tensioner.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/445064-x-and-y-belt-tensioner-mods-sovol-sv01>) |
| X range <br>extender | <img height=240 src="img/X10DR.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/167210-nemesis-x10dr-x-axis-range-extender-for-sovol-sv01>) |
| Y belt <br>tensioner | <img height=240 src="img/Y belt tensioner.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/445064-x-and-y-belt-tensioner-mods-sovol-sv01>) |
| Y stepper <br>mount | <img height=240 src="img/Y Stepper Mount.jpeg"> | [thingi](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4838967>) |
| Z stop<br> alignment | <img height=240 src="img/z stop alignment.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/216852-sovol-sv01-z-stop-alignment>) |
| runout sensor<br>mount | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/b7/ad/2a/7f/0c/IMG_1791.JPG"> | [JSchulze<br>mount](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4702282>) |
|  filament roll<br>mount | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/fd/c8/3a/ba/3b/IMG_2220_BW.jpg"> | [ender 3<br>roll<br>mount](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3209211>) & <br> [bearing](https://a.co/d/90L8IW4) |
| stepper <br>cooling <br>fins | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51LDMZFWvDL._SL1100_.jpg"> | [uxcell](https://a.co/d/aYJ3Zk2)<br>on amazon |
| splice<br> breadboard<br> mount | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/158918/images/1483352_e93db858-d549-48ca-991c-90a733380b5a/thumbs/inside/1920x1440/jpg/large_display_image_bw_158918.webp"> | [printables](<https://files.printables.com/media/prints/158918/stls/1483358_f108b1d6-a148-4276-bba7-06b74ad5d344/breadboard_mount.stl>) |
| silicone <br>mounts& <br>Aluminum <br> wheels | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61fvXmutOPL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/6jfQews) |
| bed clips | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61cp7aySFIL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/7JL6rtf) |
| ferrules  | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71YkxYda9bL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/hUzuvzK) |

## Noise reduction upgrades
| upgrade | img | links |  
| --- | --- | --- | 
| BTT SKR Mini <br> E3 V3.0 <br> control board | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71bNrAYagQL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [E3 V3.0](https://a.co/d/51EUZl3) |
| quiet power<br> supply fan <br>(only 12V <br>fan works!) | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Dst09vyBL._SL1300_.jpg"> | [wathai on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/24aplno) |
| quiet part <br>cooling | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71SOqhUBiXL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [wathai <br>4010 blower](<https://a.co/d/6yR5Fmj>) |
| part cooling <br>mount | <img height=240 src="img/part cooling mount.jpeg"> | [swivel for<br> 4010 part <br>cooling <br> blower](<https://www.printables.com/model/471880-swivel-for-4010-part-cooling-blower-sv0103-bmgleft>) | 
| quiet case fan <br> & heatbreak fan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lyRpVR4OL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [noctua](https://a.co/d/gO9xUxP) <br> on amazon | 
| buck <br> converter <br> for noctua's | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/616do91Hk6L._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/ecNWJ9P) |
| 4020 case <br>fan and buck <br> converter <br> mount | <img height=240 width=180  src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/213163/images/3474119_838f0288-6d31-4b94-9870-59846d3a6800/thumbs/inside/1280x960/jpeg/img_5113heic_bw.webp"> | [mount STL](<https://www.printables.com/model/213163-mount-for-silent-400-mainboard-axial-cooling-fan-f>) |
| heatbreak <br> fan mount | <img height=240 width=320 src="img/heatbreak fan mount and brace.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/491989-40x0-fan-mount-for-e3dv6-style-heatbreaks-centered>) |
| alternative <br> part cooling <br> for bmg | <img height=240 width=320 src="img/duct_5015_part_cooling.jpeg"> | [printables](https://www.printables.com/model/466448-501540x0-parthotend-cooling-for-sv0103-with-bmglef) |
| 5015 blower<br>fan | <img height=240  src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61YEO+uAv+L._SL1000_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/emv9oxA) |


## Accessories

| accesory | img | links | 
| --- | --- | ---|
| noclogger | <img src="img/NoClogger, Elmers Glue Stick, and Hairspray.jpeg" height="240"> | [noclogger](noclogger.com) |
| raspberry pi <br> and case | <img height=240 src="img/Raspi.jpeg"> | [raspi](https://vilros.com) and [case](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:922740>) |
| pi camera <br> and mount | <img height=240 src="img/Raspi Cam Support.jpeg"> | [camera](https://a.co/d/dSdaBow)<br>[IR spotlights](https://a.co/d/jax8Tq6)<br>[ribbon cable](https://a.co/d/bCktKH6)<br>& [mount stl](<https://www.printables.com/model/158940-pi-camera-support-for-20mm-rail-holes-for-dorhea-p>) |
| APC UPS <br > and Wemo <br>smart plugs | <img height=240 src="img/Wemo and APC Back_UPS 750VA.jpeg"> | [ be650g](https://a.co/d/j0rVtcV) <br> and [ wemo](https://a.co/d/0c2rCXv) <br> on amazon |
| lid for blue <br>lcd screen | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/489612/images/3994942_98f87456-4f71-4621-a18d-1f88f59d4974/thumbs/inside/320x240/jpeg/large_display_1475f57a-1b92-4bd9-99a3-1d4a4fee3fa2_489612.webp"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/489612-lcd-display-lid-for-sovol-sv01-or-ender-3>) | 
| LED bar mount | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/454875/images/3740040_19ac5ca1-dd77-4d0e-b3a1-a5931127c3af/thumbs/inside/320x240/png/large_display_a7dfa240-ace4-4385-bc0f-01f56fbf9e08_454875.webp"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/454875-led-bar-support-for-sovol-sv0103-with-bmg-extruder>) |



## Spare parts

| part | img | links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| hotend | <img height=240 src="img/hotend.JPG"> | [ender3 hotend](https://a.co/d/9fq4j9g) <br> (don't use the <br> heatbreak <br> fins it comes <br> with) |
| all metal <br> heatbreak | <img height=240 src="img/heatbreak comparison.JPG"> | [yunbotong on amazon](https://a.co/d/fkr1iOX) |
| 0.6 mm <br> nozzles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/615MjZNdlCL._SL1200_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/a7jK2DG) |
| hardened <br> steel <br> nozzles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/710rTbb2pwL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B089ZY11DD) |
| nozzle cleaning <br> needles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71pAYsm9-qL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/hRjQNYg) | 
| V slot wheels | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61YdclaUhLL._SL1000_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/240LR4G) |
| X Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/X.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |
| Y Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/Y.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |
| E Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/Extruder.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |




## Materials

| material | img | links | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| eSun cleaning <br>filament, <br> Sovol dryer <br> & CC3D PETG | <img src=img/Drier%20and%20PETG.jpeg height="240"> | [esun clean fil](https://a.co/d/gpyQDKD)<br>[sovol dryer](<https://a.co/d/6h4sCjo>) &<br> [cc3d petg](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/CBE70C6F-154D-45EF-AD40-390049B9A523?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) <br> on amazon |
| CC3D silk PLA | <img src=img/Silk%20PLA.jpeg height="240"> | [amazon](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/462C1936-52A4-46DB-9F58-E775EC668252?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) |
| CA glue+<br>accellerant, <br>urethane glue, <br>elmers purple <br>glue stick &<br> hairspray | <img src="img/NoClogger, Elmers Glue Stick, and Hairspray.jpeg" height="240"> | [CA glue/<br>accelerant](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Y6HG8B6),<br> [more CA](https://a.co/d/2lVBcOi),<br> [urethane gorilla](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009M9F6JA), <br>[elmers](https://a.co/d/bHA1sv2), &<br> [hairspray](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Garnier-Fructis-Style-Extreme-Control-Hairspray-Extreme-Hold-8-25-fl-oz/648274866) |
| CC3D PLA Max | <img height=240 src="img/PLA Max.jpeg"> | [amazon](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/F41EE03F-2754-4B5B-83E4-568F89EC4F21?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) | 



## Calibrations 
| what | img | link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| calibrated Z steps <br> & BMG extruder e steps | <img height=240 src="img/e steps.png"> | [z calib](<https://www.printables.com/model/158919-z-calibration-tower-5-mm-graduations>) |
| Irv Shapiro <br>adhesion and <br>part cooling <br> check | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/f8/42/d9/e8/f7/IMG_1876_BW.jpg"> | [Irv Shapiro <br>test](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4592719), print <br>at 50% <br>scale |
| part cooling <br>bridging test | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/158911/images/1483272_86a35e81-036d-4eaf-a15e-d99a8840c063/thumbs/inside/320x240/png/large_display_merged_3_bridge_mini_tests_158911.webp"> | [printables](https://www.printables.com/model/158911-bridging-mini-test-also-tests-cooling-adhesion) |
| ovhng cooling <br> test | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/comment_images/1b/d1f312-ca29-4c01-9eb8-f4bffb11a3bc/thumbs/outside/320x240/jpeg/image.webp"> | [savage Lau <br>test spring](<https://www.printables.com/model/383190-overhang-test-spring/comments/799861>) <br> on printables |
| retraction <br> calibration | <img height=240 src="http://www.retractioncalibration.com/static/Capture.JPG"> | [retraction <br> calibration <br> site](retractioncalibration.com)|
| Z steps <br> calibration | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/0c/cb/48/43/51/large_display_z_calibration_tower_5_mm_grads_-_Rev.1_thicker_wall.png"> | [z step <br> calibration](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4981370)|



## Parts I no longer use
|part | img | link |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| titan clone extruder | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71RN1zKaMtL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/2jmgwQm) | 
| 955 bearings for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61bHvwNaFuL._SX522_.jpg"> | [955](https://a.co/d/fl4OxHA) | 
| 106 bearings for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51KGUubSspL._SX522_.jpg"> | [106](https://a.co/d/3Z5DTtp) |
| tensioner for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61fJFumt4bL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/6LCMo99) |
| capricorn PTFE | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61KJEdpuPkL._AC_SX679_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/dTCSR5J) |

Commit message:

added 4010 axial to 5015 quiet radial conversion

Readme.md, after:


# Sovol SV01 (classic) upgrades, parts, and materials

## Reliability upgrades
| upgrade | img | links |  
| --- | --- | --- | 
| general upgrades | <img height=240 src="img/printhead.jpeg"> | [larger image](img/printhead.jpeg) | 
| BMG/left clone <br> extruder | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/31eNmDLdNjL.jpg"> | [amazon](<https://a.co/d/bordiUr>) |
| X belt <br>tensioner | <img height=240 src="img/X belt tensioner.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/445064-x-and-y-belt-tensioner-mods-sovol-sv01>) |
| X range <br>extender | <img height=240 src="img/X10DR.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/167210-nemesis-x10dr-x-axis-range-extender-for-sovol-sv01>) |
| Y belt <br>tensioner | <img height=240 src="img/Y belt tensioner.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/445064-x-and-y-belt-tensioner-mods-sovol-sv01>) |
| Y stepper <br>mount | <img height=240 src="img/Y Stepper Mount.jpeg"> | [thingi](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4838967>) |
| Z stop<br> alignment | <img height=240 src="img/z stop alignment.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/216852-sovol-sv01-z-stop-alignment>) |
| runout sensor<br>mount | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/b7/ad/2a/7f/0c/IMG_1791.JPG"> | [JSchulze<br>mount](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4702282>) |
|  filament roll<br>mount | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/fd/c8/3a/ba/3b/IMG_2220_BW.jpg"> | [ender 3<br>roll<br>mount](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3209211>) & <br> [bearing](https://a.co/d/90L8IW4) |
| stepper <br>cooling <br>fins | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51LDMZFWvDL._SL1100_.jpg"> | [uxcell](https://a.co/d/aYJ3Zk2)<br>on amazon |
| splice<br> breadboard<br> mount | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/158918/images/1483352_e93db858-d549-48ca-991c-90a733380b5a/thumbs/inside/1920x1440/jpg/large_display_image_bw_158918.webp"> | [printables](<https://files.printables.com/media/prints/158918/stls/1483358_f108b1d6-a148-4276-bba7-06b74ad5d344/breadboard_mount.stl>) |
| silicone <br>mounts& <br>Aluminum <br> wheels | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61fvXmutOPL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/6jfQews) |
| bed clips | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61cp7aySFIL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/7JL6rtf) |
| ferrules  | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71YkxYda9bL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/hUzuvzK) |

## Noise reduction upgrades
| upgrade | img | links |  
| --- | --- | --- | 
| BTT SKR Mini <br> E3 V3.0 <br> control board | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71bNrAYagQL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [E3 V3.0](https://a.co/d/51EUZl3) |
| quiet power<br> supply fan <br>(only 12V <br>fan works!) | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71Dst09vyBL._SL1300_.jpg"> | [wathai on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/24aplno) |
| quiet part <br>cooling | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71SOqhUBiXL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [wathai <br>4010 blower](<https://a.co/d/6yR5Fmj>) |
| part cooling <br>mount | <img height=240 src="img/part cooling mount.jpeg"> | [swivel for<br> 4010 part <br>cooling <br> blower](<https://www.printables.com/model/471880-swivel-for-4010-part-cooling-blower-sv0103-bmgleft>) | 
| quiet case fan <br> & heatbreak fan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lyRpVR4OL._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [noctua](https://a.co/d/gO9xUxP) <br> on amazon | 
| buck <br> converter <br> for noctua's | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/616do91Hk6L._AC_SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/ecNWJ9P) |
| 4020 case <br>fan and buck <br> converter <br> mount | <img height=240 width=180  src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/213163/images/3474119_838f0288-6d31-4b94-9870-59846d3a6800/thumbs/inside/1280x960/jpeg/img_5113heic_bw.webp"> | [mount STL](<https://www.printables.com/model/213163-mount-for-silent-400-mainboard-axial-cooling-fan-f>) |
| heatbreak <br> fan mount | <img height=240 width=320 src="img/heatbreak fan mount and brace.jpeg"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/491989-40x0-fan-mount-for-e3dv6-style-heatbreaks-centered>) |
| alternative <br> part cooling <br> for bmg | <img height=240 width=320 src="img/duct_5015_part_cooling.jpeg"> | [printables](https://www.printables.com/model/466448-501540x0-parthotend-cooling-for-sv0103-with-bmglef) |
| 5015 blower<br>fan | <img height=240  src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61YEO+uAv+L._SL1000_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/emv9oxA) |
| convert 4010<br>to quiet<br>5015 blower | <img height=200 src="img/5015_from_4010.gif"> | [thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5930214) |
| 4010 axial<br>for conv-<br>ersion | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81vW3aWqv7L._SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/5wkSaSN) |


## Accessories

| accesory | img | links | 
| --- | --- | ---|
| noclogger | <img src="img/NoClogger, Elmers Glue Stick, and Hairspray.jpeg" height="240"> | [noclogger](noclogger.com) |
| raspberry pi <br> and case | <img height=240 src="img/Raspi.jpeg"> | [raspi](https://vilros.com) and [case](<https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:922740>) |
| pi camera <br> and mount | <img height=240 src="img/Raspi Cam Support.jpeg"> | [camera](https://a.co/d/dSdaBow)<br>[IR spotlights](https://a.co/d/jax8Tq6)<br>[ribbon cable](https://a.co/d/bCktKH6)<br>& [mount stl](<https://www.printables.com/model/158940-pi-camera-support-for-20mm-rail-holes-for-dorhea-p>) |
| APC UPS <br > and Wemo <br>smart plugs | <img height=240 src="img/Wemo and APC Back_UPS 750VA.jpeg"> | [ be650g](https://a.co/d/j0rVtcV) <br> and [ wemo](https://a.co/d/0c2rCXv) <br> on amazon |
| lid for blue <br>lcd screen | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/489612/images/3994942_98f87456-4f71-4621-a18d-1f88f59d4974/thumbs/inside/320x240/jpeg/large_display_1475f57a-1b92-4bd9-99a3-1d4a4fee3fa2_489612.webp"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/489612-lcd-display-lid-for-sovol-sv01-or-ender-3>) | 
| LED bar mount | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/454875/images/3740040_19ac5ca1-dd77-4d0e-b3a1-a5931127c3af/thumbs/inside/320x240/png/large_display_a7dfa240-ace4-4385-bc0f-01f56fbf9e08_454875.webp"> | [printables](<https://www.printables.com/model/454875-led-bar-support-for-sovol-sv0103-with-bmg-extruder>) |



## Spare parts

| part | img | links |
| --- | --- | --- |
| hotend | <img height=240 src="img/hotend.JPG"> | [ender3 hotend](https://a.co/d/9fq4j9g) <br> (don't use the <br> heatbreak <br> fins it comes <br> with) |
| all metal <br> heatbreak | <img height=240 src="img/heatbreak comparison.JPG"> | [yunbotong on amazon](https://a.co/d/fkr1iOX) |
| 0.6 mm <br> nozzles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/615MjZNdlCL._SL1200_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/a7jK2DG) |
| hardened <br> steel <br> nozzles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/710rTbb2pwL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B089ZY11DD) |
| nozzle cleaning <br> needles | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71pAYsm9-qL._SL1500_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/hRjQNYg) | 
| V slot wheels | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61YdclaUhLL._SL1000_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/240LR4G) |
| X Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/X.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |
| Y Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/Y.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |
| E Stepper | <img height=240 src="img/Extruder.jpeg"> | [NEMA17 on<br> amazon](https://a.co/d/hBkb0kq) |




## Materials

| material | img | links | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| eSun cleaning <br>filament, <br> Sovol dryer <br> & CC3D PETG | <img src=img/Drier%20and%20PETG.jpeg height="240"> | [esun clean fil](https://a.co/d/gpyQDKD)<br>[sovol dryer](<https://a.co/d/6h4sCjo>) &<br> [cc3d petg](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/CBE70C6F-154D-45EF-AD40-390049B9A523?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) <br> on amazon |
| CC3D silk PLA | <img src=img/Silk%20PLA.jpeg height="240"> | [amazon](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/462C1936-52A4-46DB-9F58-E775EC668252?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) |
| CA glue+<br>accellerant, <br>urethane glue, <br>elmers purple <br>glue stick &<br> hairspray | <img src="img/NoClogger, Elmers Glue Stick, and Hairspray.jpeg" height="240"> | [CA glue/<br>accelerant](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Y6HG8B6),<br> [more CA](https://a.co/d/2lVBcOi),<br> [urethane gorilla](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009M9F6JA), <br>[elmers](https://a.co/d/bHA1sv2), &<br> [hairspray](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Garnier-Fructis-Style-Extreme-Control-Hairspray-Extreme-Hold-8-25-fl-oz/648274866) |
| CC3D PLA Max | <img height=240 src="img/PLA Max.jpeg"> | [amazon](<https://www.amazon.com/stores/page/F41EE03F-2754-4B5B-83E4-568F89EC4F21?ingress=2&visitId=dd56032d-dc01-476f-bef5-5f8d2dee8413&ref_=ast_bln>) | 



## Calibrations 
| what | img | link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| calibrated Z steps <br> & BMG extruder e steps | <img height=240 src="img/e steps.png"> | [z calib](<https://www.printables.com/model/158919-z-calibration-tower-5-mm-graduations>) |
| Irv Shapiro <br>adhesion and <br>part cooling <br> check | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/f8/42/d9/e8/f7/IMG_1876_BW.jpg"> | [Irv Shapiro <br>test](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4592719), print <br>at 50% <br>scale |
| part cooling <br>bridging test | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/prints/158911/images/1483272_86a35e81-036d-4eaf-a15e-d99a8840c063/thumbs/inside/320x240/png/large_display_merged_3_bridge_mini_tests_158911.webp"> | [printables](https://www.printables.com/model/158911-bridging-mini-test-also-tests-cooling-adhesion) |
| ovhng cooling <br> test | <img height=240 src="https://media.printables.com/media/comment_images/1b/d1f312-ca29-4c01-9eb8-f4bffb11a3bc/thumbs/outside/320x240/jpeg/image.webp"> | [savage Lau <br>test spring](<https://www.printables.com/model/383190-overhang-test-spring/comments/799861>) <br> on printables |
| retraction <br> calibration | <img height=240 src="http://www.retractioncalibration.com/static/Capture.JPG"> | [retraction <br> calibration <br> site](retractioncalibration.com)|
| Z steps <br> calibration | <img height=240 src="https://cdn.thingiverse.com/assets/0c/cb/48/43/51/large_display_z_calibration_tower_5_mm_grads_-_Rev.1_thicker_wall.png"> | [z step <br> calibration](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4981370)|



## Parts I no longer use
|part | img | link |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| titan clone extruder | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71RN1zKaMtL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/2jmgwQm) | 
| 955 bearings for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61bHvwNaFuL._SX522_.jpg"> | [955](https://a.co/d/fl4OxHA) | 
| 106 bearings for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51KGUubSspL._SX522_.jpg"> | [106](https://a.co/d/3Z5DTtp) |
| tensioner for titan | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61fJFumt4bL._SX522_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/6LCMo99) |
| capricorn PTFE | <img height=240 src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61KJEdpuPkL._AC_SX679_.jpg"> | [amazon](https://a.co/d/dTCSR5J) |
